Introduction to the concepts of Information Security and Ping
	What's Information Security ?
		What's Data:
			Data can be a symbolic representation, numeric or even textual. Data doesn't have a reference, it is only a representation.
		
		What's information:
			Set or junction of data that has a context or meaning.

		What's information security:
			Field of knowledge that has as objective grantee that  all the data or more informations stay confidential, intact and disponible
				in any comunication field.
	
		Principles of Information Security: 
			Integrity:
				Principle that sights protect the information against undesired changes.

			Confidentiality:
				Principle that aims to maintaing a information confidential.

			Disponibility:
				Principle that aims to gratee that a resource or information be disponible.
			
			Identification: 
				Principle that aims to indentify an entity.

			Authentication:
				Principle that aims to verify the entity and their credentials.

			Authorization:
				Principle that aims to authorize the entity inside a system.
			
			Non Repudiation:
				Principle that aims to avoid that an entity deny your actions in a sistem.
			
	Whats's ICMP PING ?
		What's ICMP ?
			ICMP (Internet Control Message Protocol), is a integral protocol of IP Protocol utilized to provide errors reports to the original source.

		What's PING ?
			PING, is a tool that use the ICMP protocol to test the conectivity between us. Is a command disponible almost in all OSs' that consists of
				sending packages to the destination equipament and in the 'hearing' of the answer.


	*In this module, to do the info security exercises we'll use the python programming language, and the 'OS' library from python, so to conclude this module 
	we need to know the basics about Python.
	OS Library:
		This library provides a simple way to use functionalities that are operational system dependents

	TIME Library:
		Provides variety of time related dunctions, for an example 'runtime'.*


	
